you open your eyes and find yourself
handcuffed in a small
dark room your sister is not with you
although you clearly remember walking
outside together in the rain
well it seems you were kidnapped and now
have to get out
you have to solve some riddles to escape
and each time you'll have 10 seconds to
think
are you ready first how about getting
rid of these handcuffs
you turn around and see three buttons on
the wall a red one
a yellow one and a green one one of them
will set you free
but if you choose the wrong button
sirens will sound
but lucky you there's a note on the wall
saying
t-d-u-n-o-r-t-e-b
decide which button you should press
[Music]
since you put the letters in the right
order you'll get the red button
since only one button releases you and
the other two are traps
the sign indicates the one that will set
you free
you press the red button and the
handcuffs fall off
the first step is complete but there's
more to go you'll have to find your
sister
release her and then find a way out
you search for the exit but there are
three doors so you look through the
peepholes to decide
which route to take behind one door many
little robots are poised to attack
behind the second door there's a room on
fire
and behind the last one you find a room
completely filled with water
which one should you pick to stay safe
the first one although there are robots
they're still
super small and probably can't cause you
much harm
well at least definitely less than a
fire or water
so you take a deep breath and with your
heart skipping a beat
you enter the first row the robots
attack you but the first one has a giant
red button you step
on and it turns them off the second one
you kick really hard
and it smashes hitting the wall
half a minute later you're already
outside the room
safe and sound all body parts intact
success
but what if the robot sent a signal to
the people who kidnapped you
you have to hurry you move forward
crossing the corridor
and here it is again three doors and you
have to decide which one to pick
think carefully for 10 seconds it can
save you a ton of time
if you go the right way from the very
beginning so
which way should you go
the third door there's a red finger
stains on the doorway
your sister must have been trying hard
to break out
you take that door and find yourself in
a narrow hallway
you can see the stains here and make
absolutely sure you're going in the
right direction
you run for about 20 minutes continually
taking turns
you start feeling a little dizzy but
still can't see an end to this hallway
another five minutes pass you take
another turn
and suddenly crash into a metallic door
you try to open it
but it's locked on a little screen a red
sign appears asking for a password below
there's even a password hint
one two three four five six seven eight
can you crack the code
there are 17 spaces after reading the
number out loud slowly
you get it you type number two then
number four three times five sixes
and seven eights the light changes to
green
and the door is unlocked
you're in a long and gloomy middle
corridor you want to run
but you force yourself to stay quiet
you're getting close
and you're trying to be as careful and
silent as possible
but when you suddenly face a huge and
gloomy man
standing in front of the next door your
heart drops
you want to run away but you freeze just
right where you are
he's definitely noticed you you stand
speechless
expecting him to grab and handcuff you
or knock you unconscious
but instead he asks where are you going
you don't know why but you tell the
truth i want to find my sister
she's 17 blonde ah i've seen her
the man says she's in this room they
always ignore
me and never want to solve my riddles um
you know
if you solve one of my riddles i'll let
you go
you feel such a relief that you can only
nod in response
what comes once in a minute twice in a
moment
but never in a thousand years
a very poetic riddle but pretty
straightforward
it's the letter m the man smiles and
moves to the side
letting you go you run into the room
finally there's your sister she has her
arms and legs tied
and her mouth is sealed but then you
look around and see
two more of your sisters looking
precisely the same
it's another trap you have to decide
which sister is the real one
and if you touch the wrong person the
sirens will sound
can you choose the right sister
before your sister was kidnapped you
were outside in the rain together
your sister is the one with the smeared
mascara
you reach the girl right in front of you
and the look of relief on her face
immediately proves you made the right
choice
you entire hands and legs unseal her
mouth
and she gives you a hug you grab her
hand and you leave the room together
but here's the riddle man again and
you'll have to solve another one of his
riddles
well now you have two brains instead of
one ready
when you take the hole from me there's
still some left
what am i
both you and your sister answer
wholesome the man smiles again and lets
you go
now you have to find the exit and you
have no idea where to go
you randomly take turns and in the end
you get
lost in the building's labyrinth after
half an hour of wandering around
you realize that you've been going
around in circles
you admit that you're lost and can't
find a way out
suddenly from each of the three
directions before you a man appears
each man says he was kidnapped too but
escaped and will show you the exit
while the other two men are guardians
and will lead you back to your
kidnappers
who should you trust
you notice that the second man has
bruises from the handcuffs on his arms
so you decide to believe him you look at
your sister and realize that she noticed
it too
you nod and each of you walks towards
one of the other two
and unexpectedly for them knock them out
the man gives you thumbs up and tells
you to follow him
[Music]
you're back in the labyrinth again
taking turns over and over
does he really know where to go how much
time did he spend here
you even start worrying if you made the
right choice but then
you bump into a massive metal door to
open it
you need to enter the password but lucky
you
there's a hint again the note is saying
5th of march
1st of october 2nd of april 4th of
november
that's why the man was wandering around
looking for someone
he couldn't crack the code can you
the fifth of march means the fifth
letter of the word march
which is h similarly the first letter of
october
is o the second of april is p and the
fourth of november is
e the password is hope you type it
and yes it works great job the lock
clicks
and you pull the heavy door open
you did it you are outside once more
it's early morning so you spent the
whole night inside
but wait can you hear it footsteps
they're after you and you have to run to
a safe place immediately
there are three ways on the left there's
a dark forest
straight there's a city and on the right
a lake
which way will you choose
you should definitely run straight to
the city where there are people around
so what are you waiting for run